# Meet our gold sponsor: Sanoma

> Published on 27th Oct 2016 by Agata Grdal

Django Under the Hood is just around the corner and we couldn't be more excited!
We'd like you to better get to know our biggest supporter this year: [Sanoma](https://www.sanoma.com/)! Learn how they entertain, inform, educate and inspire millions of people every day.

---

Sanoma is a consumer media and learning company with its roots in Finland. The story of Sanoma begins in 1889 with the establishment of the newspaper Päivälehti. Now they publish over 250 magazines, several leading newspapers, many TV networks and radio stations. Sanoma Media BeNe based in the Netherlands has been voted the best provider for integrated, multimedia communication solutions.

Education is also very important to Sanoma. They focus on multichannel learning methodologies . By combining publishing paper textbooks with creative modern applications, they create learning solutions for the 21st century. Sanoma strives to personalize learning to improve pupils’ experience and results. They operate six successful education companies based in the Netherlands, Belgium, Finland, Sweden and Poland. Sanoma wants to bring learning to a new level.

Thanks to their support, we were able to bring more members of our [Scholarship Programme](https://djangounderthehood.com/scholarship/) to the conference, and many people closely involved in the development of Django. Don't forget to say hi to Sanoma at their booth!

Thank you, Sanoma! 💕

✨
